README.md, before:

# EvolutionGames

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 13.3.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

[EG] - Add evolution game features: list, add and edit.

README.md, after:

# Evolution Games

Evolution game features with list, add and edit.

## How to start the project

Run `npm start` or `ng serve` to start the project. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. You need install node on you machine (for the project development I used `v14.16.1`).

## Features info

The projects is structured with:

- The `LayoutComponent` is used to apply styles
- There are 2 pages: the `Home` and the `Games` pages, each page have its own routing and lazy loading module
- The api response are stored in `BehavourSubjects` in `GamesService` in order to retrieve easily the data
- All the request are handled in the service folder, to subscribe to a HTTP response you need to subscribe to the `BehavourSubject` for the proper call
- The requests are intercepted by the `MockInterceptor` used to simulate the HTTP requests/response
- The Game list feature is in `GameListComponent` that uses `GameListItemComponent` to iterate the table values (based on `Meta` response with `tableHeaders` and `tableRowItems` variables)
- The Game add feature feature is `AddGameComponent` that uses the `GamesFormComponent`
- The Game edit feature feature is `EditGameComponent` that use the `GamesFormComponent`
- The component `GamesFormComponent` is built with `ReactiveForm` and uses `ng-template` in order to split, reuse and organize better the code
- The pipe `CheckedFormatPipe` is used to show a value for true/false checkbox values

## Web Accessibility

The project is Web Accessible (WCAG 2.1), that means:

- The application is well structured (header, main, footer, nav, etc.)
- All the elements are navigable with a keyboard (for example with `Tab/Shift+Tab`) and they have all the user information for Screen Readers
- All the focus are visible using the keyboard, the user knows which is the active element
- The page title is handled properly based on which page the user is looking
- All the elements are correctly announced by aria tags
- No information are lost zooming the pages
- All the contract colors had enough contract ratio

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` or `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io), the code coverage will be autogenerated.
